welcome back to zoom I'll give a t2 we
are here to earn our home and 11th power
star
and $46 landing once again ok we have
complete in world of one two three four
five and six the only thing left is some
you galaxy in a shell world but it's all
we can do as of right now there's
absolutely nothing else we can do let's
go on to this Milo looking galaxy it
looks like a spiral starship Mario can
now advance and do it now you look at
that and you galaxy it's for let's
travel to the rolling coaster galaxy
okay if I this galaxy are young
rolling coastal galaxy lets you asleep
fosters named the rainbow road roller
roller coaster looks like Mario gets a
ball back because of that golden track
yep there's malleus ball Mario Lee
writing his ball down the track
ok get on your ball mah boi ok I'm
holding my remote vertical
with the same music from tall transfer
before inside remember that yup them
elastic slide music avoid the bombs
avoidable bombs long it just stay right
I'm going to come visit that again I
will be reaching this galaxy and i can
tell i want to check out the extra grunt
in there but as a blind ones that take
this front
okay careful my wheel the rule is never
work
careful my wheel go down okay get on the
track Mario almost done I guess
ok I think that's the end Mario small
condenser plug there where we can
extract the power star over the ball
mommy's ball broke this is the ball
condenser from ok let's have a look see
up there wow so long we found a
traveling let's get a post our Mario
you gotta skip way to go mommy oh wait
you oh we have world rule loin coaster
galaxy that was our 111 Palestine we did
that in under 10 minutes left done Mario
nicely done Tasha oreo can now advance
in special world like that swamp up
there no later galaxy
looks like something from I don't know
maybe beach volley galaxy member that
planetoid way up there above beach ball
galaxy okay anyway um thank you for
watching and there are many more videos
to come on this channel so please add
knees friend and subscribe I always
accept friend requests and if I don't
you go down and go to you by name in
good night everybody